# Zaphi (Dilay)

[[Dilay karakter 76-1.pdf]]%207637759339f84be290326bcc4b3f51d9/Dilay_karakter_76-1.pdf)

- Backstory
    
    Zaphi is a young, ambitious elf that wants to do whatever she pleases. She is mainly confident in herself but is also arrogant and stubborn. Zaphi, even though she is a wood elf, has spent most of her life in the cities, never really staying in one place for a long time. Not really strange when you consider she is always on the run every 1 or 2 years thanks to her line of work. Zaphi earns her life through heists that are sometimes done by her alone, or with the group she is a part of. Most of the time, she changes or conceals her identity in the places that she visits, as a safety measure. However, the name she uses, Zaphi, is not even her real name to begin with, it is a name given to her by humans who kidnapped her from her village when she was just a kid.
    
    Born into forests of Greyhawk, she has had a relatively simple and normal childhood, living with her family and playing with elves at her age etc. She was the younger child of her family, she had one older brother. Her father was an armors smith and her mother knew ways of natural medicine well, as a child Zaphi remembers she had fun watching them work. However, since it’s been a long time since she has last seen them, neither does she remember any of her family member’s name nor she knows if some of them are alive or not.
    
    It all began one day when men appeared in the forest and started to cut trees down. Every day, they cut down more and more. They seemed to be using this area to mine out a glowing stone. Perhaps a magical stone of great importance. This of course caused some tense moments among elves and people but these seemed to resolve, or so Zaphi thought so. Unlike any time, elders of the village started to get together every night, discussing deeply among each other on what to do with the men.
    
    In the end what was inevitable happened. One night just as Zaphi fell asleep, a fight broke out among men and elves and soon turned into a battle. Her mother, waked Zaphi and her brother and told them run no matter what happens. They started making a run to the deeper parts of the forest, passing through the village, at least what is left of it. Just when they thought they had found a safe place, suddenly 3 men ambushed them, killing their mother at sight, shoving them into separate carts. This is how Zaphi’s life as a burglar started. She never heard from her father and brother after that.
    
    When they arrived at the city, humans forced Zaphi to do all kinds of work for the criminal organization that they were a part of, the Golden Claw. This of course included dirty work, until Zaphi found her way out 7 years later, “accidentally” taking a good sum of money with her. They are still on her tail to this day. After that she worked alone for 5 years until she met Sylros, a half-elf that was as good as Zaphi in the business. After spending some time and doing some work together, they started their own organization Silent Night (the most uninspired names loool) and accepted more and more members as time passed. They made a lot of money and made a quite good name among the society. However, this was not enough for Zaphi. She wanted something more than that. She wanted to be at the top where she would have to answer to no one and make the men pay for what they had done to her people. This ambition came with a cost. When the people in the guild started realizing Zaphi was taking some of the earnings for herself and taking jobs independently behind their backs, they notified Sylros which resulted with her getting thrown out without a penny. Now, having lost all she had once again, Zaphi is in search for a new opportunity to join the game again.